---
layout: post
title: I'm a polyglot!
modified:
categories: blog
excerpt:
tags: []
image:
  feature:
date: 2015-09-26T15:39:55-04:00
---

Ruby / Rails, SQL, HTML/CSS, and now JS. We've come so far in the span of 5 weeks. I just wanted to take some time to talk about my experience so far with App Academy---my learning process, my takeaway, and what I'd like to do after completing the program.

##For the prospective aA'er

App Academy is always trying to improve their curriculum. They've started React over Backbone (which I don't know much about at this time), and also a couple more advanced topics plotted throughout the weeks. They've taught us a couple in-depth topics such as caching, time complexities, and TCP & HTTP requests.

Our cohort sizes have grown to 50-60+ (ours started with 65) with a max of one overlapping cohort at a given time. There are around 8-10 TAs/Instructors on campus which amounts to about 6-8 students per staff. The staff here is always overwhelmingly willing to help their students out which has definitely been a tremendous help throughout the weeks.

##My Experience

Amazing. I came in with some of my own doubts and concerns, but my experience thus far has been more than satisfying. I enjoy the intensive learning atmosphere they create, and their curriculum definitely leaves little to no room for play. Only the committed and those who truly enjoy code can get through a program like App Academy, because it really is just THAT intensive.

Some portions of the curriculum have been easier than others for me. There are weeks where I have had to put in almost all of my hours outside of class in order to keep up, but there were weeks where I had free time to work on my own small projects. App Academy does a good job keeping you on your toes by giving an assessment every week, but I feel like some students give too much effort in trying to pass it with a perfect score.

I've also befriended a good amount of people. Believe it or not---most of the students here have sociable personalities and getting to know them has been a blast.

##Well shit, what DO I want to do afterwards?

I don't have a particular target straight out of finishing this program. I'm open to any opportunities that I may come across through App Academy, and hopefully land a job that I enjoy. I want to try a lot of different things, and no one area has me hooked. I wouldn't mind joining a startup, or a large corporation. The one condition I want to meet is that I enjoy myself at work and that I'm constantly learning.

**Closing Note:** I did a really bad free write for this post, and it's actually quite hard to read. But I'm okay with that for now... :^)
